README.md, before:

### Hi there, I'm Kurtis (he/him) 👋

I'm a 3rd-year Engineering Science student at Simon Fraser University concentrating in Electronics Engineering. Currently, I'm working on gaining more knowledge and skills relevant to SOC and PCB design for wireless and IoT technologies.

### Current Endeavors
- [**Conejo**: An OSH Keyboard Inspired by the Iris, Lily58, and Corne (crkbd) - Powered by ZMK](https://github.com/kurtis-lew/Conejo)
- [**ZMK**: Regular contributions to drivers and documentation for the wireless-first keyboard firmware built upon Zephyr RTOS](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk)
- More public releases to be added!

<!--
**kurtis-lew/kurtis-lew** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

feat(README): Second Draft
- Update introductory blurb
- Add contact information

README.md, after:

### Hi there, I'm Kurtis (he/him) 👋

I'm a 3rd-year Engineering Science student at Simon Fraser University concentrating in Electronics Engineering. Currently, I'm studying and developing new projects to gain more knowledge and skills relevant to SOC and PCB design for wireless input devices and IoT technologies.

### Current Endeavors
- [**Conejo**: An OSH Keyboard Inspired by the Iris, Lily58, and Corne (crkbd) - Powered by ZMK](https://github.com/kurtis-lew/Conejo)
- [**ZMK**: Regular contributions to drivers and documentation for the wireless-first keyboard firmware built upon Zephyr RTOS](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk)
- More public releases to be added!

### Contact Information
For all business inquiries, you may contact me directly via:
- [Email (`kurtis.a.lew@gmail.com`)](kurtis.a.lew@gmail.com)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kurtislew/)


<!--
**kurtis-lew/kurtis-lew** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
